hello I'm Scott Becker many of us have a
gun safe what happens when you take a
low-end gun safe and combine it with a
determined and probably drug using
criminal with access to a limited hands
tools well I'm about to show you exactly
what that can look like let's have a
look now as you may have noticed in the
intro we have a problem already in
addition to the trim being removed you
can see that they just completely
splintered the door jamb they're just
tore the deadbolt right out splintered
that wood and all right and here this
poor thing is as near as I can tell
right I am by no means an expert it
looks to me like they probably had just
a simple pry bar with a lot of time and
perhaps is superhuman strength here
there's a lot of force as you'll see but
my guess is with that goofy pry bar they
tried to just lever the dial right off
and you can see that's been pretty badly
damaged there the handle ironically is
in state mainly intact shape again tool
marks right along here and I think a
little bit of bowing where it looks like
they tried to lever that but the crux of
the matter is all of this here and I
will pull this panel so you can actually
see the full extent here so stepping
back for a moment and giving you the
overall picture here I'm no safe
engineer but it looks to me like the big
piece is hanging off as the Mythbusters
would say well there's your problem
and that really is exactly the issue you
can see that that bar was simply tack
welded there and I'll show you that in
detail tack welded to the backside of
the door plate there
the these bad guys just simply broke
those little tack welds with enough
force you can see broke it 3/4 of the
way around and that let them right in
the safe and again to try to zoom in
here you can see there's an awful lot of
space on this door where there is no
weld it looks to me like we've got one
here one over here and one there so
basically four little small spot welds
there along that entire top edge of the
door is kind of the extent and same
thing as we go down it's just
periodically tacked in place so maybe
good for your casual burglar but
somebody else with a pry bar and perhaps
the illegal drug addiction and some time
to work this thing
you can see it did not hold up well at
all all right there you have it the
unfortunate result of seemingly someone
with criminal intent a pry bar and a
little bit of time on their hands the
last thing we all want to do is come
home to an empty gun safe so hopefully
this is encouragement that there's some
things we don't want to skimp on quality
on I hope this has been helpful if so
and you want more be sure to sign up for
more for free on the blog and like and
share this video and I will see you next
time until then remember to live smart
and prepare early this is Scott Becker